README.md, before:

# Spotify Client

A TypeScript and React web application using the Spotify Web API for music library management. For detailed requirements and acceptance criteria, see the [project board](https://github.com/users/m-kupiec/projects/3).

## Quick Start

1. Log in to [Spotify for Developers](https://developer.spotify.com/) and open your [Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard). Create a new app by following [these instructions](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps).
2. Clone or download this repository.
3. Navigate to the project directory and run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Open `src/config.ts` and add your Spotify app's _Client ID_ and _Redirect URI_, which you can find on your application's Dashboard page.
5. Start the development server with `npm run dev`.

## Installation

### Registering Your App on Spotify

1. Log in to [Spotify for Developers](https://developer.spotify.com/) and navigate to your [Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard).
2. Create a new app by following the steps in [Spotify's app creation guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps).

### Installing Dependencies

**Note:** The projects requires Node.js version 18+ or 20+.

After cloning or downloading the repository, navigate to the project directory and install the npm packages:

```bash
npm install
```

### Configuring the Application

Update `src/config.ts` with your Spotify _Client ID_ and _Redirect URI_ from the Spotify Dashboard.

Alternatively, if you prefer to keep `appConfig.spotifyAuth.clientId` as `import.meta.env.VITE_CLIENT_ID`, you can create a `.env.local` file in the project's root directory with the following content:

```bash
VITE_CLIENT_ID=<your-client-id>
```

Ensure that the port in `appConfig.spotifyAuth.redirectUrl` matches the port used by Vite on your local machine (`5173` by default).

## Usage

### Starting the Development Server

Run Vite's development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Previewing the Production Build

To preview the production build locally (after running the `build` script):

```bash
npm run preview
```

### Building the Project

To run the TypeScript compiler and build the project with Vite:

```bash
npm run build
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/m-kupiec/music-app/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

docs: update README with link to latest development updates

README.md, after:

# Spotify Client

A TypeScript and React web application leveraging the Spotify Web API for music library management. For the latest development updates, as well as detailed requirements and acceptance criteria, refer to the [project board](https://github.com/users/m-kupiec/projects/3).

## Quick Start

1. Log in to [Spotify for Developers](https://developer.spotify.com/) and open your [Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard). Create a new app by following [these instructions](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps).
2. Clone or download this repository.
3. Navigate to the project directory and run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Open `src/config.ts` and add your Spotify app's _Client ID_ and _Redirect URI_, which you can find on your application's Dashboard page.
5. Start the development server with `npm run dev`.

## Installation

### Registering Your App on Spotify

1. Log in to [Spotify for Developers](https://developer.spotify.com/) and navigate to your [Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard).
2. Create a new app by following the steps in [Spotify's app creation guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps).

### Installing Dependencies

**Note:** The projects requires Node.js version 18+ or 20+.

After cloning or downloading the repository, navigate to the project directory and install the npm packages:

```bash
npm install
```

### Configuring the Application

Update `src/config.ts` with your Spotify _Client ID_ and _Redirect URI_ from the Spotify Dashboard.

Alternatively, if you prefer to keep `appConfig.spotifyAuth.clientId` as `import.meta.env.VITE_CLIENT_ID`, you can create a `.env.local` file in the project's root directory with the following content:

```bash
VITE_CLIENT_ID=<your-client-id>
```

Ensure that the port in `appConfig.spotifyAuth.redirectUrl` matches the port used by Vite on your local machine (`5173` by default).

## Usage

### Starting the Development Server

Run Vite's development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Previewing the Production Build

To preview the production build locally (after running the `build` script):

```bash
npm run preview
```

### Building the Project

To run the TypeScript compiler and build the project with Vite:

```bash
npm run build
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/m-kupiec/music-app/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).
